The shebang line contains the python3 program as the executor of the file. I know for a fact that in other systems, the default python
compiler is already the python 3 one. if that is the case in your system, you must change it to "#!/bin/python" only, dropping the "3".

First we imported the necessary libraries and started to put the changeable parameters of the script on the top of the document.
We know the script is a little bloated with comments but We did it in order to help other members of the group who doesn't have 
much contact with the language or with programming at all.

we had to use a public testing ftp server and we added the parameters cointained there to our program (username, hostname and password).

we start our ftp server telling it to use utf-8 encoding.

The time in which the script will run is entered in the default way of the time library, in a string in 24h format e.g. "19:15"

we start the logging service setting it to write its output in the "log_ftp.txt" file. we start it in the DEBUG mode, since that is
aligned with our objective.

we declare a function which we will use in the iteration of the receivers list. We had to make functions because the input of
the scheduling function is also a function.

we iterate our filenames list in order to find the attachment we specified, open it, encode it and send it to the ftp remote server.

we make a directory ftp_files in the programs folder.

we iterate again our filenames list in orther to retrieve each file from the remote ftp server.

we use this last function in our scheduling and send the program in an infinite loop which will send the email daily in the time
we determined.

PS: We have commented in the code the code necessary to print the list of directories of the ftp server, but since it was a public server, for a security measure, we opted not to traverse the list and take the files in it.

We have also commented out the code to use the internal network but we weren't able to make it work.
