The shebang line contains the python3 program as the executor of the file. I know for a fact that in other systems, the default python
compiler is already the python 3 one. if that is the case in your system, you must change it to "#!/bin/python" only, dropping the "3".

First we imported the necessary libraries and started to put the changeable parameters of the script on the top of the document.
We know the script is a little bloated with comments but We did it in order to help other members of the group who doesn't have 
much contact with the language or with programming at all.

The method we used in order to match the archives that are going to be attached was the starts_with() string method. We think it
was a less error prone solution.

The time in which the script will run is entered in the default way of the time library, in a string in 24h format e.g. "19:15"

we start the logging service setting it to write its output in the "log.txt" file. we start it in the DEBUG mode, since that is
aligned with our objective.

we declare a function which we will use in the iteration of the receivers list. Whe had to make functions because the input of
the scheduling function is also a function.

we kept the password parameter out of the function in order to give it just one time instead of everytime the function runs.

we create a message email object and added the sender, receiver and subject.

we write two versions of the email: one in txt and other in html, sice, for security measures, some mail managers won't display
html files.

we attach both to our message object.

we iterate the programs folder files in orther to find the attatchment we specified, open it, encode it and attatch to our message.

we create our SMTP server and send our message email.

we create another function that iterates the recipients_list and use our send_email function on each recipient.

we use this last function in our scheduling and send the program in an infinite loop which will send the email daily in the time
we determined.
